[docs] Fix for broken links , dup meta description and titles (#16664)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/drivers-orms/csharp/ycql.md

---

> title: Connect apps using YugabyteDB C# driver for YCQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Connect an application using YugabyteDB C# driver for YCQL
```
